README.md, before:

# Human-assisted-tagging
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://www.seaicons.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/system-analysis-icon.png" />
</p>


[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/adarsh2012/Human-assisted-tagging)]()
[![GitHub Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/adarsh2012/Human-assisted-tagging)]()
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/adarsh2012/Human-assisted-tagging)]()

A system that automates the process of clustering & querying images as well as aids in the process of tagging un-labelled images. 

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Background

### Current progress

![progress-3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42161058/93812590-0fd54200-fc7c-11ea-8e33-28fe72655abf.gif)

## Install

This module depends upon a knowledge of [PyQt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/). Once PyQt is installed in your system, simply run:

```
python ./app.py
```
Currently the only module required is PyQt, but future versions will include the following libraries:
> * Matplotlib
> * Numpy
> * OpenCV (cv2)
> * Keras

## Contributing

Small note: If editing the Readme, please conform to the [standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.

## License

[NONE](../LICENSE)

Commit message:

Added information about how to use setup_dependency.py

README.md, after:

# Human-assisted-tagging
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://www.seaicons.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/system-analysis-icon.png" />
</p>


[![standard-readme compliant](https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/adarsh2012/Human-assisted-tagging)]()
[![GitHub Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/adarsh2012/Human-assisted-tagging)]()
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/adarsh2012/Human-assisted-tagging)]()

A system that automates the process of clustering & querying images as well as aids in the process of tagging un-labelled images. 

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Background

### Current progress

![progress-3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42161058/93812590-0fd54200-fc7c-11ea-8e33-28fe72655abf.gif)

## Install

This module depends upon a knowledge of [PyQt5](https://pypi.org/project/PyQt5/). Once PyQt is installed in your system, simply run:

```
python ./app.py
```
This project relies on quite a lot of dependencies. If you are running this applicaiton using anaconda, you can use *setup_dependency.py* file to download all the required dependencies. 

```
python ./setup_dependency.py
```
Once executed, you can:
> * Create new environment with all the dependency.
> * Choose the environment you want to download these dependencies in.

All the dependencies are listed in *./env/environment.yml*

## Contributing

Small note: If editing the Readme, please conform to the [standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.

## License

[NONE](../LICENSE)
